Hackabot -- A crazy, hackable, and hacked up IRC bot
	(C) Michael Marineau
	Licensed under the GNU GPL v2.
    
ABOUT

This bot was mainly written by Michael Marineau and includes many contributions
from other people including various staff of the OSU Open Source Lab. See
the CREDITS file for individual contributors. This bot is more widely known
as 'manatee' on Freenode. At the time of writing I think there is only one
other user of this code. :-)

The core bot is a fairly minimal python program (hackabot.py) which calls
external programs/scripts in commands/ or hooks/<type>/ to do various things.
The core bot interacts with the program via a simple text api over stdin and
stdout. The programs use stderr for for error messages and debug statements.

Hackabot tends to change quite a bit. Although the api tends to be very stable
so existing command are easy to maintain, new commands are constantly being
added and the SQL db schemas tend to change. This unfortunatly makes it
difficult to maintain instances of hackabot other than 'manatee' while trying
to keep up with this code base. Maybe some day there will be proper releases
with upgrade scritps to solve this.


DOCUMENTATION

overview.txt	General information on how things work. (not written yet)
api.txt		Documentation on the text api.


REQUIREMENTS

Core Python bot: (included in lib/ if you need it)
python
python irclib >=0.4.6 
python Linden Lab llbase utility module <http://bitbucket.org/lindenlab/llbase>

Some of the long list of dependencies for various commands:
python
perl (being phased out
mysql (if using mysql)
sqlite3 (if using sqlite3)
python sqlite3 if using sqlite3
python MySQLdb if using MySQL
bash (some commands are written as bash scripts)


INSTALL

The main configuration file is config.llsd.xml.  It has comments for most
of the settings.  An example access control list (ACL) is in 
etc/acl.example.llsd.txt.  It is also commented pretty well.


RUNNING

Once you have a configured hackabot.xml with nick, server, and what ever else:
./hackabot.py  -c etc
and poof! It's a bot!

